(Updated 06/05/2006)

First, be sure to join the Samurai Archives Citadel, the online community for people interested in Japanese history, culture, martial arts, language, entertainment, and current events: http://forums.samurai-archives.com/

Second, ask yourself why you are here. If it is to learn about and discuss
JAPANESE HISTORY, you are in the right place. If you are here to discuss
martial arts, Anime, or your dedication to the ways of Bushido you are in the
WRONG PLACE. Join the Samurai Archives Citadel:
http://samurai.threespursdesign.com/
The Samurai Archives Citadel has forums that cover every subject related to Japan. 

This is a moderated forum. Any off-topic posts may be ruthlessly 
deleted at the moderator(s) discretion without explanation. 
Please do not take offense if one of your message is deleted, we are just trying to keep everything on topic. The posting of SPAM will get you
immediately banned without exception.

Following is the constitution of the Samurai History Group of Yahoo, RATIFIED 2004-2005
POSTING TO THIS GROUP MEANS THAT YOU AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS WITHIN, 
AND YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR POSTS ARE ACCEPTED AT THE SOLE WILL OF THE MODERATOR(S) http://www.samurai-archives.com/ultmods.html  
This is a group of well over 1500 people, therefore order 
must be maintained.

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY AS YOUR FUTURE ON THIS FORUM DEPENDS ON IT.
CONSISTENT FAILURE TO COMPLY WILL RESULT IN YOUR BANISHMENT FROM THE FORUM.
However, if you comply with the rules, it is guaranteed that there will be no problems.  
We don't tend to be THAT serious.

ARTICLES: 

1. Compose your emails using proper English, to
include punctuation, spelling, spacing,
capitalization, and grammar. Allowances will be made
only for those who are not native English speakers. If
you are above the age of 10 and a native English
speaker, there is no excuse for composing like you are
4. If you are under 10, you probably should not be on
the internet without supervision. 

2. Limit your "internetspeak". Using abbreviations
such as "lol" (Laugh out loud), "ROTFLMAO", etc., are
acceptable in limited usage and proper context. This
is not a license to abbreviate everything you write or
take spelling/punctuation shortcuts because you are
lazy--see Rule 1. "Smileys" are similarly acceptable
in limited usage. Also, be sure to erase unneeded extra 
text from posts you reply to. There is no need to include 
the past 7 emails when you are only responding to the last 
2 sentences of the most recent email.

3. Do not make personal accusations or insults.  As
moderators, we are here to enforce the rules and
ensure proper discussion and debate, and will not
tolerate "flaming" or personal attacks by anyone on
anyone. Don't do it. 

4. Have a thick skin and do not take things
personally. While we won't allow personal insults, you
must be able to handle being told you are wrong,
especially if you are wrong. No one on this email list
is infallible. Similarly, you must be able to handle
sarcasm. The moderators will not protect you if you
whine. The easiest thing to do is just not take things
personally. If you post a theory that does not fit with 
what is commonly known and accepted as history, 
then back up your ideas with sources OR face the wrath 
of the more knowledgeable. Save your tears.

5. Remember this is a HISTORY LIST. While digressions
are allowed to a limited extent, please keep things on
topic. Gaming topics, anime, popular culture are fine
as long as there is some connection with Japanese
history; however, these are not "historical" sources.
Do not get offended if someone says what you saw on
"Ninja Hattori-kun" was inaccurate, because it
probably was. If things get too far off topic, the list 
shogun will take appropriate action. Furthermore, this IS NOT a
list for pseudo-philosophical Hagakure reading Samurai wannabe
martial artists. If you want to bandy about how well you follow the
tenets of Bushido, and how that makes you a 'modern Samurai', 
GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.  YOU ARE NOT WELCOME.

6. Argue logically. "I saw it on an anime", "My sensei
told me so", or "that's what it says on my Playstation
game" are NOT acceptable bases for arguments. You will
recieve derision and sarcasm in return, and you will
deserve it. Do not misunderstand--any of these are
good reasons to bring up a question. "In my PS2 game
the main character uses a symbol on his banner--what
is that called?" is a good question. "In my PS2 game
you have to follow Bushido to win, so all samurai
followed Bushido" is a statement which will get you
laughed at for a month.

7. READ THE TOP 11 MISCONCEPTIONS ABOUT THE SAMURAI.
The link is below. This is not negotiable. If you post
something idiotic like "samurai hated guns", We will
ask you if you read the list. 
http://www.geocities.com/klancesegall/home.htm

8. Have a sense of humor.

9. See rule #8.


CONSISTENT FAILURE TO COMPLY MAY RESULT IN YOUR 
BANISHMENT FROM THE FORUM.

THIS IS A MODERATED FORUM:
Because this is a moderated forum, your post may not show 
up right away, because it must be checked by a moderator.  
Therefore, it is not necessary to repost.  A moderator probably 
just hasn't had a chance to review your message. 

There are many extras located on this group's homepage at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/samuraihistory/

Feel free to post links to other Japanese history sites in the 'links'
section, or click on the 'chat' section for real-time chat with 
anyone else who may be online.  The 'files' section contains various 
Japanese history related files, and you can create polls for 
members to vote in in the 'Polls' section. Posting links or messages that 
contain SPAM will get you IMMEDIATELY BANNED from this group
without exception.

To start sending messages to members of this group, 
simply send email to:

samuraihistory@yahoogroups.com

If you do not wish to belong to samuraihistory, you may 
unsubscribe by sending an email to:

samuraihistory-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com

You may also visit the Yahoo! Groups web site to modify your 
subscriptions:

http://groups.yahoo.com/group/samuraihistory/